You can say any foolish thing to a dog, and the dog will give you this look that says, "My God, you're right! I never would've thought of that!
The old system of having a baby was much better than the new system, the old system being characterized by the fact that the man didn't have to watch.
Skiing combines outdoor fun with knocking down trees with your face. 
Newspaper readership is declining like crazy. In fact, there's a good chance that nobody is reading my column.
And so by the fifteenth century, on October 8, the Europeans were looking for a new place to try to get to, and they came up with a new concept: the West.
'Escargot' is French for 'fat crawling bag of phlegm'.
If you suveyed a hundred typical middle-aged Americans, I bet you'd find that only two of them could tell you their blood types, but every last one of them would know the theme song from the 'Beverly Hillbillies'.
Fishing is boring, unless you catch an actual fish, and then it is disgusting.
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates.
Scientists tell us that the fastest animal on earth, with a top speed of 120 ft/sec, is a cow that has been dropped out of a helicopter.
Bill Gates is a very rich man today... and do you want to know why? The answer is one word: versions.
Big business never pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes.
The major parties could conduct live human sacrifices on their podiums during prime time, and I doubt that anybody would notice.
Snowboarding is an activity that is very popular with people who do not feel that regular skiing is lethal enough.
DNA is an abbreviation for deoxyribonucleicantidisestablishmentarianism, a complex string of syllables.
Not all chemicals are bad. Without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen, for example, there would be no way to make water, a vital ingredient in beer.
I've noticed that one thing about parents is that no matter what stage your child is in, the parents who have older children always tell you the next stage is worse.
Karate is a form of martial arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world.
Not all chemicals are bad. Without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen, for example, there would be no way to make water, a vital ingredient in beer.
For me, the worst part of playing golf, by far, has always been hitting the ball.
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl.
Eating rice cakes is like chewing on a foam coffee cup, only less filling.
The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery.
When trouble arises and things look bad, there is always one individual who perceives a solution and is willing to take command. Very often, that individual is crazy.
The nuclear generator of brain sludge is television.
Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
Dogsled-riding is a sport that is relaxing as well as fragrant.
The one thing that unites all human beings, regardless of age, gender, religion or ethnic background, is that we all believe we are above-average drivers.
Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business.
The Internet: transforming society and shaping the future through chat.
Eugene is located in western Oregon, approximately 278 billion miles from anything.
Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance.
The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting.
Gravity is a contributing factor in 73 percent of all accidents involving falling objects.
Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate.
Auto racing is boring except when a car is going at least 172 miles per hour upside down.
Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
American consumers have no problem with carcinogens, but they will not purchase any product, including floor wax, that has fat in it.
For many years the National Pretend Speed Limit was fifty-five miles per hour, metric equivalent: 378 kilograms per hectare.
The information encoded in your DNA determines your unique biological characteristics, such as sex, eye color, age and Social Security number.
Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his choice.
All other nations are drinking Ray Charles beer and we are drinking Barry Manilow.
A full-grown manatee, which can weigh more than 1,000 pounds, looks like the result of a genetic experiment involving a walrus and the Goodyear Blimp.
Scientists now believe that the primary biological function of breasts is to make males stupid.
Skiers view snowboarders as a menace; snowboarders view skiers as Elmer Fudd.
Crabgrass can grow on bowling balls in airless rooms, and there is no known way to kill it that does not involve nuclear weapons.